Breaking
news
the
Centre
has
raised
LPG
allocation
for
industry
by
20%
sparking
debate
on
growth
prospects
The
increased
allocation
is
expected
to
boost
sectors
like
steel
and
automobile
potentially
benefiting
companies
like
TATAMOTORS
This
move
will
lead
to
higher
production
driving
growth
and
positive
market
sentiment
supporting
labor-intensive
sectors
However
higher
production
costs
and
inflationary
pressures
may
erode
profit
margins
posing
a
risk
to
labor-intensive
sectors
Monitor
TATAMOTORS'
performance
closely
weighing
the
potential
benefits
against
the
risks
as
the
economy
navigates
this
development
This
story
continues
to
evolve
across
markets
and
policy
Investors
should
weigh
both
opportunity
and
risk
Stay
informed
with
ET
Nexus
for
timely
context
and
analysis
This
story
continues
to
evolve
across
markets
and
policy
Investors
should
weigh
both
opportunity
and
risk
Stay
informed
with
ET
Nexus
for
timely
context
and
analysis
This
story
continues
to
evolve
across
markets
and
policy
Investors
should
weigh
both
opportunity
and
risk
Stay
informed
with
ET
Nexus
for
timely
context
and
analysis